# GlobalRanNodeId

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**plmn_id** | [***models::PlmnId**](PlmnId.md) |  | 
**n3_iwf_id** | **String** | This represents the identifier of the N3IWF ID as specified in clause 9.3.1.57 of  3GPP TS 38.413 in hexadecimal representation. Each character in the string shall take a value  of \"0\" to \"9\", \"a\" to \"f\" or \"A\" to \"F\" and shall represent 4 bits. The most significant  character representing the 4 most significant bits of the N3IWF ID shall appear first in the  string, and the character representing the 4 least significant bit of the N3IWF ID shall  appear last in the string.   | [optional] [default to None]
**g_nb_id** | [***models::GnbId**](GNbId.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**nge_nb_id** | **String** | This represents the identifier of the ng-eNB ID as specified in clause 9.3.1.8 of  3GPP TS 38.413. The value of the ng-eNB ID shall be encoded in hexadecimal representation.  Each character in the string shall take a value of \"0\" to \"9\", \"a\" to \"f\" or \"A\" to \"F\" and  shall represent 4 bits. The padding 0 shall be added to make multiple nibbles, so the most  significant character representing the padding 0 if required together with the 4 most  significant bits of the ng-eNB ID shall appear first in the string, and the character  representing the 4 least significant bit of the ng-eNB ID (to form a nibble) shall appear last  in the string.   | [optional] [default to None]
**wagf_id** | **String** | This represents the identifier of the W-AGF ID as specified in clause 9.3.1.162 of  3GPP TS 38.413 in hexadecimal representation. Each character in the string shall take a value  of \"0\" to \"9\", \"a\" to \"f\" or \"A\" to \"F\" and shall represent 4 bits. The most significant  character representing the 4 most significant bits of the W-AGF ID shall appear first in the  string, and the character representing the 4 least significant bit of the W-AGF ID shall  appear last in the string.   | [optional] [default to None]
**tngf_id** | **String** | This represents the identifier of the TNGF ID as specified in clause 9.3.1.161 of  3GPP TS 38.413  in hexadecimal representation. Each character in the string shall take a value of \"0\" to \"9\", \"a\"  to \"f\" or \"A\" to \"F\" and shall represent 4 bits. The most significant character representing the  4 most significant bits of the TNGF ID shall appear first in the string, and the character  representing the 4 least significant bit of the TNGF ID shall appear last in the string.   | [optional] [default to None]
**nid** | **String** | This represents the Network Identifier, which together with a PLMN ID is used to identify an SNPN (see 3GPP TS 23.003 and 3GPP TS 23.501 clause 5.30.2.1).   | [optional] [default to None]
**e_nb_id** | **String** | This represents the identifier of the eNB ID as specified in clause 9.2.1.37 of  3GPP TS 36.413. The string shall be formatted with the following pattern  '^('MacroeNB-[A-Fa-f0-9]{5}|LMacroeNB-[A-Fa-f0-9]{6}|SMacroeNB-[A-Fa-f0-9]{5} |HomeeNB-[A-Fa-f0-9]{7})$'. The value of the eNB ID shall be encoded in hexadecimal representation. Each character in the  string shall take a value of \"0\" to \"9\", \"a\" to \"f\" or \"A\" to \"F\" and shall represent 4 bits.  The padding 0 shall be added to make multiple nibbles, so the most significant character  representing the padding 0 if required together with the 4 most significant bits of the eNB ID  shall appear first in the string, and the character representing the 4 least significant bit  of the eNB ID (to form a nibble) shall appear last in the string.  | [optional] [default to None]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


